I'm here because this is where the cloud
meets this is where the greatest mines
and SAS are this week
one of the coolest things I think about
saster is that it brings in
entrepreneurial energy and talent from
all over the world
taster is 25 times bigger than it was
the first year which seemed big the
original Mission was just to share
12 500 people all committed to SAS Under
One Roof
I've met about like five billionaires in
the last three days 15 20 30 billion
dollar companies it's next level
the impact that sastro has had on me is
just to think much much bigger I want to
turn my company into unicorn now
No One's Gonna Get anything without
trying you don't get anything without
trying in this world and if you're
trying to do something that has a
ridiculously low chance of success you
gotta be pretty confident
topics here if I wasn't speaking I would
still be here
you're always at the feeling
deep inside that we're on to something
you get there and you realize like
there's so much more to go how do I keep
growing
people who give up are at saster they're
not investing in the next step